README.md, before:

# Chiaroscuro

A simple web browser built on the CefSharp library. It runs on Windows only and is built to meet my own particular needs in a browser.

## Shortcuts

In browser:

- **Ctrl-T**: Show action dialog.
- **Ctrl-X**: Close current tab.
- **Ctrl-B**: Toggle tab as bookmark.
- **Ctrl-G**: Toggle whether a bookmarked tab is placed in a folder or not.
- **Ctrl-P**: Toggle whether the current tab is pinned or not.
- **Ctrl-R**: Restore a bookmarked or pinned tab to its original address.
- **Ctrl-MouseWheel**: Change zoom level.
- **Ctrl-Delete**: Reset zoom level.
- **Ctrl-1, Ctrl-2, Ctrl-3, etc.**: Switch to workspace 1, 2, 3, etc.
- **Ctrl-Shift-1, Ctrl-Shift-2, Ctrl-Shift-3, etc.**: Move current tab to workspace 1, 2, 3, etc.
- **F1**: Open tab palette.
- **F3**: Open tab palette and focus the Find in Page input.
- **F5**: Reload page.
- **Ctrl-F5**: Reload page, ignoring cache.
- **F12**: Toggle dev tools.

In action dialog:

- **Enter**: Navigate to page in new tab.
- **Ctrl-Enter**: Navigate to page in current tab.

## Search Providers

You can search via a number of providers from the action dialog:

- Google: `!g <query>`
- GitHub: `!gh <query>`
- ChatGPT: `!ai <query>`
- YouTube: `!y <query>`

Additionally, any command that contains neither a `!` character nor a `.` character will automatically be treated as a Google search. For example, typing `hello world` will search for "hello world" on Google.

## Content Pages

These are the addresses which are handled by the application to provide special functionality.

- `/settings`: Edit global settings for the application.

Commit message:

Various UX improvements
* Hover style removed for blocks in settings page
* You can trigger search with Ctrl-F
* Web content background made more visible
* Pinned tabs are taller
* Removed "Bookmarks" label
* Queries with space character falls back to default search provider
* You can specify search provide at either end of the query
* Made tab palette left/right margin consistent
* Dropped the Ctrl-X hotkey
* Disabled spellchecking for all inputs

README.md, after:

# Chiaroscuro

A simple web browser built on the CefSharp library. It runs on Windows only and is built to meet my own particular needs in a browser.

## Shortcuts

In browser:

- **Ctrl-T**: Show action dialog.
- **Ctrl-B**: Toggle tab as bookmark.
- **Ctrl-G**: Toggle whether a bookmarked tab is placed in a folder or not.
- **Ctrl-P**: Toggle whether the current tab is pinned or not.
- **Ctrl-R**: Restore a bookmarked or pinned tab to its original address.
- **Ctrl-F**: Open tab palette and focus the Find in Page input.
- **Ctrl-MouseWheel**: Change zoom level.
- **Ctrl-Delete**: Reset zoom level.
- **Ctrl-1, Ctrl-2, Ctrl-3, etc.**: Switch to workspace 1, 2, 3, etc.
- **Ctrl-Shift-1, Ctrl-Shift-2, Ctrl-Shift-3, etc.**: Move current tab to workspace 1, 2, 3, etc.
- **F1**: Open tab palette.
- **F3**: Open tab palette and focus the Find in Page input.
- **F5**: Reload page.
- **Ctrl-F5**: Reload page, ignoring cache.
- **F12**: Toggle dev tools.

In action dialog:

- **Enter**: Navigate to page in new tab.
- **Ctrl-Enter**: Navigate to page in current tab.

## Search Providers

You can search via a number of providers from the action dialog:

- Google: `!g <query>`
- GitHub: `!gh <query>`
- ChatGPT: `!ai <query>`
- YouTube: `!y <query>`

Additionally, any command that contains neither a `!` character nor a `.` character will automatically be treated as a Google search. For example, typing `hello world` will search for "hello world" on Google.

## Content Pages

These are the addresses which are handled by the application to provide special functionality.

- `/settings`: Edit global settings for the application.
